II‘
_ :i""_ , .
CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION AND
INVENTION ASSIGNMENT AGREEMENT
FOR EMPLOYEES
As a condition of my becoming employed (or my employment being continued) by or retained as a
consultant (or my consulting relationship being continued) by Facebook, lnc., a Delaware corporation or any of
its current or future subsidiaries, affiliates, successors or assigns (collectively, the “Com@mv" or “Facet>ook"i.
and in consideration of my employment or consulting relationship with the Company and my receipt of the
compensation now and hereafter paid to me by the Company, I agree to the following:
1. Employment or Consulting Relationship. I understand and acknowledge that this Agreement
does not alter, amend or expand upon any rights I may have to continue in the employ of, or in a consulting
relationship with, or the duration of my employment or consulting relationship with, the Company under any
existing agreements between the Company and me or under applicable law. Any employment or consulting
relationship between the Company and me, whether commenced prior to or upon or after the date of this
Agreement, shall be referred to herein as the “Relationship.”
2. Duties. I will perform for the Company such duties as may be designated by the Company from
time to time. During the Relationship, I will devote my best efforts to the interests of the Company and will
not engage in other employment or in any activities detrimental to the best interests of the Company without
the prior written consent of the Company.
3. At-Will Relationship. I understand and acknowledge that my Relationship with the Company is
and shall continue to be at-will, as defined under applicable law, meaning that either I or the Company may
terminate the Relationship at any time for any reason or no reason, without further obligation or liability
except for those obligations expressly set forth herein or expressly stated in another written agreement signed
by an authorized officer of the Company.
4. Confidential Information.
(a)  . I agree at all times during the term of my Relationship with the
Company and thereafter, to hold in strictest confidence, and not to use, except for the benefit of the Company
solely to the extent necessary to perform my obligations to the Company under the Relationship, or to disclose
to any person, firm, corporation or other entity without written authorization of the Company (via an
agreement to permit disclosure signed by a member of the Board of Directors or a Senior Corporate Officer in
each instance), any Confidential lnfomiation of the Company which I obtain or create. I further agree not to
make copies of such Confidential Information except as necessary to perform my obligations to the Company
under the Relationship. I understand that “Confidential Information" means any Company proprietary
information, technical data, trade secrets or know-how, including, but not limited to, research, product plans,
products, services, suppliers, customer lists and customers (including, but not limited to, customers of the
Company on whom I called or with whom I became acquainted during the Relationship), prices and costs,
markets, software, developments, inventions, laboratory notebooks, processes, fomiulas, technology, 39955
drawings, engineering, hardware configuration information, marketing, licenses, finances, budgets or other '
business infomiation disclosed to me by the Company either directly or indirectly in writing, orally or by
drawings or observation of parts or equipment or created by me during the period of the Relationship whether
or not during working hours and including Inventions (as defined below). I understand that Cqiﬁdenﬁﬂ
Information includes, but is not limited to, information pertaining to any aspect of the Cu'npany’5 bmgness
which is either information not known by actual or potential competitors of the Company or othef my-<5 
not under confidentiality obligations to the Company, or is otherwise proprietary information of the Company
' 1601 S. Califomia Avenue ' Pa.Io Alto, CA 94304 ' T: 650-5434800 ' F 1 650-5435363
pits wu|i.2s0429s9s.4
- at
.. F
-i.   
_ . s i.. 
~  ~
.ai.ui §rH.'_§l' "9-=.|'-u  '_

